Menu spec: Linked keyboard/mouse navigation (#17171)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-menu/Spec.md

| Keyboard | Enter  | Toggle | Toggle the selection status of the menu item |
| Mouse    | Click  | Toggle | Toggle the selection status of the menu item |

#### Linking keyboard navigation and mouse hover

> When a user sets focus on menuitems using keyboard navigation, and then switches to mouse hover there should be one unique 'active' state for menuitems. There should not be two different indicators at this point for hover and focus. Below is a GIF of the `ContextualMenu` in v7 that also supports this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user sets focus on menu items using keyboard navigation, and then switches to mouse hover there should be one unique 'active' state for menu items. There should not be two different indicators at this point for hover and focus. Below is a GIF of the `ContextualMenu` in v7 that also supports this behaviour.
```

I would also mention that native UIs have the same behavior
